Feature Flag Schema Samples/Tests (#890)
Azure/AppConfiguration: docs/FeatureManagement/Samples/FeatureFlag.v2.0.0.schema.sample.scenarios.md

Reviewer: Tables are nice, but I'm thinking if we should convert these tables to JSON format so our tests (in various languages) can consume them directly.

# Baseline Test Secenarios for Feature Management Libraries

## No Filters Test Scenarios

The following test are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have no filters applied to them.

[No Filters Tests](NoFilters.tests.json)

> [No Filters Test Scenarios](NoFilters.sample.json)

Reviewer: Maybe we can add `- ` in front of each line so they won't be displayed in the same line by the md?

Author: Added new lines so they don't show up on the same line.

# Baseline Test Secenarios for Feature Management Libraries

## No Filters Test Scenarios

> The following test are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have no filters applied to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following tests are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have no filters applied to them.
```

Reviewer 2: Same for the other section.

[No Filters Tests](NoFilters.tests.json)

[No Filters Test Scenarios](NoFilters.sample.json)

## Time Window Filter Test Scenarios

The following tests are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have time window filters applied to them.

[Time Window Filter Tests](TimeWindowFilter.tests.json)

[Time Window Filter Test Scenarios](TimeWindowFilter.sample.json)

## Targeting Filter Test Scenarios

The following tests are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have targeting filters applied to them.

[Targeting Filter Tests](TargetingFilter.tests.json)

[Targeting Filter Test Scenarios](TargetingFilter.sample.json)

### Validation of Rollout Percentage

> The following tests are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate that the same formula is being used to caluclate the rollout percentage. The modified files has a roolout percentage 1 higher than the original which takes Brittnety from being disabled to enabled. So, the results of tests 12 through 19 should be True.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following tests are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate that the same formula is being used to calculate the rollout percentage. The modified files have a rollout percentage 1 higher than the original which takes Brittney from being disabled to enabled. So, the results of tests 12 through 19 should be True.
```

[Targeting Filter Tests](TargetingFilter.modified.tests.json)

[Targeting Filter Test Scenarios](TargetingFilter.modified.sample.json)

## Requirement Type Test Scenarios

> The following test are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have requirement type field works with the Any and All operators.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following test are the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries. These tests validate feature flags that have requirement type field work with the Any and All operators.
```

# Baseline Test Secenarios for Feature Management Libraries

## No Filters Test Scenarios

The following test scenarios use NoFilters.sample.json as the baseline file for testing the Feature Management libraries.

| Test # | Feature Flag Name         | Expected Result | Description                                          |
|--------|---------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> | 1      | BooleanTrueFeatureFlag    | True            | An Enabled Feature Flag with no Filtered             |

Reviewer: NIT: ... with no _filters_.
